Fix for Issue 61 (#68)
open-sauced/intro: 10-glossary.md

## Fork

A fork is a copy of a repository. When you fork a repository, you create a new copy of the codebase that you can modify and experiment with without affecting the original codebase.

## Branch

A branch is a separate version of the code that's created for development purposes. Branches allow contributors to experiment with changes without affecting the main codebase. When changes are ready to be merged into the main codebase, they're typically submitted as a pull request.

## Pull Request

A pull request is a request from a contributor to a maintainer for changes made to the code to be pulled into a codebase.

## Merge

Merging is the process of combining changes from one branch into another. When a pull request is accepted and merged, the changes made in the pull request become part of the main codebase.

## Docs

> This is an abbreviation for the word documentation, a piece of text that provides information on how to contribute to OSS projects and expectations for contributors. Markdown, a text-based coding language is often used to create these forms of content. Want to see one in action? Check out the [Style Guide in our Pizza Verse repo](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza-verse/blob/main/style-guide.md)!

Reviewer: A primary use of documentation is to explain how to implement and use the product.

Author: This is what I should replace the docs description with?

Reviewer 2: Yes @Abhishek-90

Author: Documention glossary updated with the suggestion given by @CBID2

> This is an abbreviation for the word documentation, a piece of text that provides information on how to contribute to OSS projects and expectations for contributors. Markdown, a text-based coding language is often used to create these forms of content. Want to see one in action? Check out the [Style Guide in our Pizza Verse repo](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza-verse/blob/main/style-guide.md)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an abbreviation for the word documentation. Its primarily use is to explain how to implement and use the product. Documentation also provides people information on how to contribute to OSS projects and expectations for contributors. Markdown, a text-based coding language is often used to create these forms of content. Want to see one in action? Check out the [Style Guide in our Pizza Verse repo](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza-verse/blob/main/style-guide.md)!
```

Author: updating docs glossary with this suggestion.

## Bug

A bug refers is an error, flaw, or defect in code that impacts the proper functioning of the software. Open-source projects often rely on community contributions to identify and fix bugs.

> 

Reviewer 3: I suggest to improve on that you state it like this:

"A bug refers to an error, flaw, or defect in code that adversely affects the proper functioning of the software. Open-source projects often depend on contributions from the community to identify and rectify these bugs."

Author: Changes added.

## Fork

A fork is a copy of a repository. When you fork a repository, you create a new copy of the codebase that you can modify and experiment with without affecting the original codebase.

## Branch

A branch is a separate version of the code that's created for development purposes. Branches allow contributors to experiment with changes without affecting the main codebase. When changes are ready to be merged into the main codebase, they're typically submitted as a pull request.

## Pull Request

A pull request is a request from a contributor to a maintainer for changes made to the code to be pulled into a codebase.

## Merge

Merging is the process of combining changes from one branch into another. When a pull request is accepted and merged, the changes made in the pull request become part of the main codebase.

## Docs

> This is an abbreviation for the word documentation. Its primarily use is to explain how to implement and use the product. Documentation also provides people information on how to contribute to OSS projects and expectations for contributors. Markdown, a text-based coding language is often used to create these forms of content. Want to see one in action? Check out the [Style Guide in our Pizza Verse repo](https://github.com/open-sauced/pizza-verse/blob/main/style-guide.md)!

Reviewer 3: In the sentence: "Its primarily use is to explain how to implement and use the product," there's a small typo. The word "primarily" should be "primary."

Correct sentence: "Its primary use is to explain how to implement and use the product."

Author: Suggested changes are done. I have also made one change on the next sentence. Let me know if that is valid according to you.

## Bug

A bug refers to an error, flaw, or defect in code that adversely affects the proper functioning of the software. Open-source projects often depend on contributions from the community to identify and rectify these bugs.

## Quality Assurance

Quality assurance in open-source projects involves testing, reviewing, and ensuring the software meets the desired standards. Community members often contribute to testing and reporting issues to improve the software's quality.

## OSS Projects

> OSS stands for "Open-Source Software" projects. These are software projects where the source code is made available to the public, allowing anyone to view, use, modify, and contribute to the software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OSS stands for "Open-Source Software" projects. These are software projects where the source code is made available to the public, allowing anyone to view, use and modify the software.
```

## Markdown

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language commonly used for creating formatted text documents. It is widely used for creating documentation and ReadMe files in software development due to its simplicity and readability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Markdown is a lightweight markup language commonly used for creating formatted text documents. It is widely used for creating documentation and README files in software development due to its simplicity and readability.
```

## Style Guide

> A style guide is a set of rules and conventions that define the preferred formatting, writing style, and visual elements used in documentation and other content. Style guides help maintain consistency and clarity across documents, making them easier to read and understand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A style guide is a set of rules and conventions that define the preferred formatting, writing style, and visual elements used in documentation and other content. This helps maintain consistency and clarity across documents, making them easier to read and understand.
```
